my undergraduate degree is a bachelor's of arts in quantitative psychology
that is I went to the university of Colorado and got the BA degree
in psychology but my field within psychology was quantity quantitative
psychology has to do with tests and measurements like personality
test your intelligence test and using computers to help understand
how human beings behave so one of things I did in college as an
undergraduate participated in early programs that were designed to do
counseling that were built into a computer so you had typed into the
computer things like I'm feeling sad and it would ask me how tell
me about your sadness your something so that's the kind of thing that
I got my degree in college